feat: allow extending toEqual (fix #2875) (#4880)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/api/expect.md

:::tip
If you want to know more, checkout [guide on extending matchers](/guide/extending-matchers).
:::

## expect.addEqualityTesters <Badge type="info">1.2.0+</Badge>

- **Type:** `(tester: Array<Tester>) => void`

> You can use this method to define custom matchers to test if two object equals are equal. It is compatible with Jest's `expect.extend`.

Reviewer: type?

```suggestion
You can use this method to define custom matchers to test if two objects are equal. It is compatible with Jest's `expect.addEqualityTesters`.
```

Author: Changed. I used `expect.extend` to indicate that user can define custom matchers and those matchers will work with custom testers as well.

```ts

> class AnagramComparator {

Reviewer: I think It's a little more kind to have copy-paste-able code snippets for users.
How about putting everything in a single block with required `import`?

```tsx
import { expect, test } from "vitest"

...

// I think you can drop `Tester` type since explicitly having a type here should help users enough
// btw, it should be also named "areAnagramsEqual" instead of "areObjectsEqual"?
const areAnagramsEqual = (
  a: unknown,
  b: unknown,
): boolean | undefined => {
   ...
}

expect.addEqualityTesters([areAnagramsEqual])  

test("...", () => {
  ...
})
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer: Thanks for the update!

How about removing `: Tester` typing? I think it's only exposed from `@vitest/expect` package, but for this doc example, it's fine to remove the reference of `Tester` since having explicit type `(a: unknown, b: unknown): boolean | undefined` tells enough about the expected usage.

Author: Removed it, thanks.

  public word: string

  constructor(word: string) {
    this.word = word
  }

  equals(other: AnagramComparator): boolean {
    const cleanStr1 = this.word.replace(/ /g, '').toLowerCase()
    const cleanStr2 = other.word.replace(/ /g, '').toLowerCase()

    const sortedStr1 = cleanStr1.split('').sort().join('')
    const sortedStr2 = cleanStr2.split('').sort().join('')

    return sortedStr1 === sortedStr2
  }
}

function createAnagramComparator(word: string) {
  return new AnagramComparator(word)
}

function isAnagramComparator(a: unknown): a is AnagramComparator {
  return a instanceof AnagramComparator

> }

Reviewer: Btw, I'm not sure the value of having these two utilities. I feel these two indirections might distract users from what's happening in first sight.

How about just inline `instanceof` and `new AnagramComparator` usages below?

Author: Removed `createAnagramComparator` as the test is inlined.

const areObjectsEqual: Tester = (
  a: unknown,
  b: unknown,
): boolean | undefined => {
  const isAAnagramComparator = isAnagramComparator(a)
  const isBAnagramComparator = isAnagramComparator(b)

  if (isAAnagramComparator && isBAnagramComparator)
    return a.equals(b)

  else if (isAAnagramComparator === isBAnagramComparator)
    return undefined

  else
    return false
}

function* toIterator<T>(array: Array<T>): Iterator<T> {
  for (const obj of array)
    yield obj

> }

Reviewer: Can remove this from example?

Author: Removed.

const customObject1 = createAnagramComparator('listen')
const customObject2 = createAnagramComparator('silent')

expect.addEqualityTesters([areObjectsEqual])
```

```ts

> test('objects are equal with different amount', () => {

Reviewer: The test title feels off? Probably copied from https://jestjs.io/docs/expect#expectaddequalitytesterstesters?

Also I think it's more natural to have objects inside the test as an example:

```ts
test("custom equality tester", () => {
  const customObject1 = createAnagramComparator('listen')
  const customObject2 = createAnagramComparator('silent')
  expect(customObject1).toEqual(customObject2)  
});
```

:::tip
If you want to know more, checkout [guide on extending matchers](/guide/extending-matchers).
:::

## expect.addEqualityTesters

- **Type:** `(tester: Array<Tester>) => void`

> - **Version:** Since Vitest 1.0.0

Reviewer 2: 1. Version is now added using `<Badge>` component
2. 1.0.0 is already released. Plan for this is 1.2.0

Author: Added `<Badge>` and changed version number.
